Core-hosting with AddNServiceBusEndpoint (#8206)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md

---
title: NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting
summary: NServiceBus package-based integration with Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting
component: Extensions.Hosting
reviewed: 2026-04-27
related:
 - samples/hosting/generic-host
 - samples/dependency-injection/aspnetcore
---

> [!NOTE]

> > For new development, prefer [hosting with Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](/nservicebus/hosting/core-hosting.md) using the built-in `AddNServiceBusEndpoint` integration on `IServiceCollection`. This page describes the existing package-based `NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting` and `UseNServiceBus` integration path.

Reviewer: Thinking add "which is deprecated starting in NServiceBus version 10.2.0" and also a link to the upgrade guide.

> > For new development, prefer [hosting with Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](/nservicebus/hosting/core-hosting.md) using the built-in `AddNServiceBusEndpoint` integration on `IServiceCollection`. The package-based `NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting` and `UseNServiceBus` integration described on this page is deprecated starting with NServiceBus 10.2.0. See the [upgrade guide](/nservicebus/upgrades/10to11/) for migration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For new development, prefer [hosting with Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](/nservicebus/hosting/core-hosting.md) using the built-in `AddNServiceBusEndpoint` integration on `IServiceCollection`. The **NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting** package's `UseNServiceBus` hosting method described on this page is deprecated starting with NServiceBus 10.2.0. See the [upgrade guide](/nservicebus/upgrades/10to11/) for migration details.
```
